006-bridgefib.patch
    This patche [appears] to provide a ioctl to query the location of a certain MAC address to determine the interface from the bridge FIB.

007-bridge-mac-ageing-fix.patch
    This patch is necessary because when Untangle is "bridging" traffic it doesn't actually allow traffic through the bridge, it intercepts it.
    This causes traffic not to flow via the normal methods so the "forwarding information base" (or FIB) of the bridge doesn't get updated.
    As such, without this patch the bridge can lose information about where a IP/mac pair lives and won't know where to send the traffic and just drop it.
    Pinging the host will instantly resolve that state as the FIB would be updated. This patch updates the FIB when a packet is received on a bridge port.

009-extensions.patch
    This provides extensions to cmsg so that special fields like TTL, TOS, NFMARK, and SADDR can be specified in cmsg ancilarry data options in recvfrom and sendmsg.
    This is used in libnetcap to send and receive UDP packets.

013-iptables_tune.patch
    This adds the "tune" table in netfilter which comes at the very end which is used for various tasks in our networking setup.

014-nfqueue-untangle-mode.patch
    Adds support for appending conntrack information to queued packets. This allows you to avoid a conntrack lookup for queued packets.
    NOTE: Usage of this patch could be removed in favor of classd's handling of conntrack table.
    The classd daemon subscribes to all conntrack table changes and manages its own list in memory and pairs queued packets with the in memory table.

015-iptables_socket.patch
    This changes the "-m socket" iptables match to modify the packet with the socket's mark if a socket is found.
    This is a total hack as an iptable match shouldn't modify the packet, but the issue is that there is no conntrack entry for packets returning to nonlocal sockets
    So we have no way to restore the QoS/bandwidth control mark so TCP ingress QoS doesn't work without this hack.
     
020-imq.patch
    This adds IMQ (intermediate queue device) which allows for ingress QoS filtering on WAN interfaces. Patch from http://www.linuximq.net

